Blind Faith vs Evidence-Based Faith

God gave you a brain for a reason..
It's about time people stop being blinded by their own dogma.

The more I dig into it.......

..the more I realized how important it is to have blind-faith because it provides some kind of comfort so you can somewhat live a life sane enough to get by day by day.

However, the importance of a evidence-based faith I have always find it to be the even more important because blind faith is what kills a person. Anybody whom says otherwise, must of not been hit hard yet.

I'm not just talking about believing in a god, I'm talking about believing in anything really.

If you don't know something, obviously you will only be pron to "not knowing" it.

The more you know of the whole picture, the better you will equip to understanding the essentials to better build a better foundation, a better you.

But is it possible that if you know too much, that could possibly be a problem? Currently, I'm in a debate with myself on this. On one hand, it is and on another it is not. However I also ask the question if that is even the right question to ask.

Going back to..
Blind Faith vs Evidence-Based Faith

....maybe this too, is the wrong approach because it is evident that blind faith is also what keeps a person sane and worry free.

The ability to balance both is important, but possibly what's even more important is the ability to have a "evidence based blind faith" because it's only when you're in the know and you know for sure, that you can blindly follow knowing that everything will work out at the very end.

Therefore.....
..when it comes to blind faith, you really ought to wonder what 2 types of blind-faithers are out there?

1) Pure Blind Followers:
The person whom would just purely follow so blindly that they are doom to whatever that comes in the image of what they believe in causing them to be trapped and doomed by their own dogma?

or..

2) Evidence-Informed Blind Followers:
The one person whom based his/her blind faith on evidence based faith enough to secure a position?

Logically..
We all know that nobody is willing to believe a killer or someone whom is abusing you therefore how would we even know if the person even is? You don't. Only with evidence, that you know. Therefore it makes sense that if you choose to believe in something so blindly, it would only make sense to believe in something that you can provide evidence....enough concrete there to keep you sane.

It is better to approach faith in anything really...................
..with a hybrid approach. This I think is what most people lack.

........i think when it comes to Christianity, this is it's main problem. When it comes to anything really, even your personal belief.
